c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\JourneysApp.dll.config
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\JourneysApp.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\JourneysApp.pdb
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.dll
c:\users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.pdb
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.Migrations.AddBaseEntityToJourneysAndIsDeletedFlag.resources
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\obj\Debug\JourneysApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.WebHooks.Common.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.WebHooks.Receivers.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.WebHooks.Common.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.WebHooks.Receivers.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\slawek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JourneysApp\JourneysApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
